add cpuprofile option (#1304)
nuts-foundation/nuts-node: docs/pages/deployment/monitoring.rst

`/internal/network/v1/diagnostics/graph?start=10&end=12` will return a graph with all transactions containing Lamport Clock 10 and 11.
Both parameters need to be non-negative integers, and `start` < `end`. If no value is provided, `start=0` and `end=inf`.
Querying a range can be useful if only a certain range is of interest, but may also be required to generate the graph using `dot`.

CPU profiling
*************

> It's possible to enable CPU profiling by passing the ``cpuprofile=/some/location.dmp`` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to enable CPU profiling by passing the ``--cpuprofile=/some/location.dmp`` option.
```

This will write a CPU profile to the given location when the node shuts down.
The resulting file can be analyzed with Go tooling:

.. code-block:: shell

    go tool pprof /some/location.dmp

The tooling includes a help function to get you started. To get started use the ``web`` command inside the tooling.

> It'll open a SVG in a browser and gives a nice overview of what the node was doing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It'll open a SVG in a browser and give an overview of what the node was doing.
```
